How can I combine this with efficient ML?
My first thought is a credit card or ID situation where the prover is trying to make sure that the individual is truely the correct person.

What does this Paper achive?

2024.10.20
Here is my current idea as to how to solve this: 
Find a library that does list-recovery
simulate a transmission to the device
return possible outcomes and evaluate time and accuracy.

Repeate but with quantum.

2024.10.21
5:54am
Goal: Set up problem set and run classical method as baseline before using quantum method.

12:17pm
Trying to understand how the probelm goes, I thought it was that the algorhtym identified errronous transmissions and corrected to the highest probability
but now I a questioning the entire setup of the problem. Because I don't know if the data is pariedied or not. I will look into the quantom solutino to see if there is any paritying. 

12:41pm
I have desided to make entreies every 15m to improve my abilty to stay on track and then reflect every 45 minutes to 1 hour on my approch to the problems.

As of now I am trying to make a proper simulation of data transmitting and being restored by both classical and quantum algorythm. 

1:59pm returned from some errends.
The metric being measured in this passage is the fraction of constraints satisfied in the max-XORSAT optimization problem. 
Specifically, they are comparing two optimization methods—DQI (Dynamic Quantum Interaction) with belief propagation decoding and simulated annealing—based
on how well they perform in terms of satisfying the constraints of the problem.
Here’s a breakdown of the key metric:
Fraction of constraints satisfied: This refers to the proportion of the total constraints in the max-XORSAT instance that are met by a given solution.
In this case, DQI finds solutions satisfying 83.5% of the constraints, while simulated annealing satisfies 81.5%.
This metric is critical for comparing the effectiveness of different algorithms in solving the problem.

2:21pm
Now I need to find out what metric the paper is using so I can make sure I am comparing like to like.

2:37pm Cleaning room for mental switch

2:53pm
Working on defining the metric. It seems more compilcated then simply "We caught this percentage of all errors."

7:03pm
I may switch to another paper just to see if that will give me ideas. 

2024.10.22
12:23pm
Figuring out how to calcuate eignevalues. They are relevant because I am wondering what ⌈log_2 ℓ⌉ means becayse it is used 
to calcuate the weight register which is used for solving max-XORSAT.

2024.10.28
8:38am
10:00
Learning what is a Max-LINSAT
  A combination problem that finds a set of binary that aims to satify the most XOR equations. I don't know how it knows what answer satisfies the equations(true or false or 1 or 0)
10:50am
Learning what is a 
